# CS-305

**1 Briefly summarize your client, Artemis Financial, and its software requirements. Who was the client? What issue did the company want you to address?** Artemis was a pre-existing financial company with web-service they wanted us to secure. Specifically, they wanted us to verify data with a checksum.<br>
**2 What did you do well when you found your client’s software security vulnerabilities? Why is it important to code securely? What value does software security add to a company’s overall well-being?** I think I managed to implement effective solutions when the vulnerabilites were found. It's important to code securely, especially in this case, because it protects the user data and the application. Without it the company would have no trust, and potentially be liable for very expensive attacks.<br>
**3 Which part of the vulnerability assessment was challenging or helpful to you?** The most challenging part for me was the dependency report, there was a lot of information to go through and finding the information needed to fix them wasn't very straightforward for me at first.<br>
**4 How did you increase layers of security? In the future, what would you use to assess vulnerabilities and decide which mitigation techniques to use?** I added security through securing APIs, enabling HTTPS with SSL, and hashing. In the future I'll use probably use the same combination of automated tools like the dependency report as well as manual review like I learned in this class.<br>
**5 How did you make certain the code and software application were functional and secure? After refactoring the code, how did you check to see whether you introduced new vulnerabilities?** I did functionality testing of both successful and failure cases throughout the process to ensure the existing and newly added code was functional and secure.<br>
**6 What resources, tools, or coding practices did you use that might be helpful in future assignments or tasks?** Working with the Spring Boot Framework, SHA-256, SSL configuration, and the dependency checker are all very helpful in creating secure programs and I'll definitely be implementing them in the future as well.<br>
**7 Employers sometimes ask for examples of work that you have successfully completed to show your skills, knowledge, and experience. What might you show future employers from this assignment?** The secure spring boot application itself is something I might showcase as it combines the secure coding practices I implemented into a final project.  
